README.md, before:

# 901FitHub (Portfolio Copy)

⚠️ **Attribution Notice**  
This repository is a portfolio copy of a team-based academic project.  
The original repository is owned by a University of Memphis organization and can be found here:  
https://github.com/um-202480-comp-4081/901FitHub  

This copy is shared for portfolio and demonstration purposes.

---

## Project Overview
901FitHub is a fitness digital product store concept designed to sell curated meal plans and workout programs. The application supports browsing digital products, managing content, and organizing fitness resources in a user-friendly web interface.

- Project Type: Team-based academic web application  
- Duration: One semester  
- Team Size: 3  

---

## My Role (Maria Kennedy)
- Full‑stack development across multiple features
- UX and UI design decisions for core user flows
- Database modeling and data organization
- Designed original graphics for meal plans and workout plans, delivered as downloadable digital assets within the application
- Collaboration via GitHub issues, pull requests, and sprint-based planning

---

## Tech Stack
- Ruby on Rails
- PostgreSQL
- HTML / CSS
- JavaScript

---

## How to Run the App Locally

```bash
bundle install
rails db:create db:migrate
rails s
```

Then visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser.

---

## Team Acknowledgement
This project was completed collaboratively with:
- Kody Tate
- Aidan Johnson

---

## Notes
This repository is intended for portfolio review and demonstration only.  
It is not the authoritative source of the original academic submission.

Commit message:

update readme with live demo instructions

README.md, after:

# 901FitHub (Portfolio Copy)

## Live Demo
🔗 https://software-engineering-901fithub.onrender.com

⚠️ **Attribution Notice**  
This repository is a portfolio copy of a team-based academic project.  
The original repository is owned by a University of Memphis organization and can be found here:  
https://github.com/um-202480-comp-4081/901FitHub  

This copy is shared for portfolio and demonstration purposes.

---

## Project Overview
901FitHub is a fitness digital product store concept designed to sell curated meal plans and workout programs. The application supports browsing digital products, managing content, and organizing fitness resources in a user-friendly web interface.

- Project Type: Team-based academic web application  
- Duration: One semester  
- Team Size: 3  

---

## My Role (Maria Kennedy)
- Full‑stack development across multiple features
- UX and UI design decisions for core user flows
- Database modeling and data organization
- Designed original graphics for meal plans and workout plans, delivered as downloadable digital assets within the application
- Collaboration via GitHub issues, pull requests, and sprint-based planning

---

## Tech Stack
- Ruby on Rails
- PostgreSQL
- HTML / CSS
- JavaScript

---

## How to Try the App
This application is deployed as a live demo for portfolio and demonstration purposes.

You can:
- Browse workout and meal plans
- Create an account using a fake email address
- Complete a checkout flow using dummy credit card information
- Download real PDF workout and meal plans after checkout

**No real payments are processed.**

---

## Demo Checkout Notes
- You may use any valid email format (e.g. test@example.com)
- Payment information can be fake / test data
- The checkout flow exists to demonstrate user experience and application logic

---

## How to Run the App Locally

```bash
bundle install
rails db:create db:migrate
rails s
```

Then visit `http://localhost:3000` in your browser.

---

## Team Acknowledgement
This project was completed collaboratively with:
- Kody Tate
- Aidan Johnson

---

## Notes
This repository is intended for portfolio review and demonstration only.  
It is not the authoritative source of the original academic submission.
